The deal with that the output of each person could be a zero or a one.
What we're saying is that we're using a step function that function returns US-EU for any negative.
But you know one for every positive body the function that determines the perceptions output.
Our goal activation functions and they are feeling part on concept in deep learning.
We're going to go over a few of them that we will be using in our problem.
Another really important activation function is that sigmoid activation function.
It is very similar to the step function but with the only difference that is softer on the change from
2 to 1.
That means that we inject a probability instead of always being certain for a given feature is present
or not.
We can now say for example I'm pointing two percent sure of this output.
Don't worry too much about the math behind this function.
We will just be using it as a parameter in our network and other people activation function.
Is there value activation function value stunts for the fight.
The Linnea unit This function returns US-EU for any negative value and returns the same value for any
positive by the.
It is really frequent to use value with images such as you have seen in the fashion business case before.
There are also other activation functions such as the parabolic tangent but we won't be using those.
We just stick to that sigmoid aktif and Velu activation functions.
The process of calculating the output for a given input for our neural network is called feedforward
fit for work.
It's the first step of our training process and it will give us the prediction for our input.
We need to compare that with the expected output.
Remember that we are using supervised learning techniques.
That means that we are very happy.
The expected output for any given input that we can use to train our network once we have the expected
output and the production together we can see for prediction was right.
If we find any difference between them we come back propagate Deever through the entire network.
That means that we're going to see whose fault was it that we didn't get our predictions right.
Once we identified the weights that are causing our mistake we can update them.
So our next fit for what process can get a whether result done this one we will repeat this process
many times until we are satisfied with our results.
But when we leave the we can determine that we will continue training until we get a given accuracy.
But that's hard to do.
We don't know how many.
How much time will it take us to get there.
Or even if it's possible.
So what we usually do is to train for a given amount of a box.
For example we will iterate over 500 times.
This can be this can get to be a really slow process.
Suppose we have 1 million infections.
We've got to go over the 1 million records 500 times and that takes a lot of time.
So what we do is define a batch size that is the amount of records that we will fit for forward at once
before doing the right preparation process.
That's the slowest part in all the training but you will never know with your entire data set you will
split it into a training validation and testing data said that the training that the set will be the
one used to feet forward and but propagate through the network.
The validation data set will be used to measure objectively results while training.
You can use your network's performance on your validation that decide to take decisions about updating
it on not and the testing that the set is used to evaluate your model after you've finished training
your testing and validation data sets should be a percentage of your training.
That said That means that if we only point 1 percent of your transactions are fraudulent you should
cut that same proportion in all three subsets.
In most cases you can just achieve that by using of random sample from your original data set turning.
That said should be the biggest one is the one that will help you improve your model the most publication
and test data sets usually go from 10 percent to 40 percent of the entire data set.
The goal of leading your data set is to know how will your model behave with data.
It was never seen during the training process in Greece.
Your model is too simple for the reality that you're trying to represent.
That's gold under fitting that image on the screen.
On the other hand your mole could be too complex for the reality that you are trying to represent that
image.
See on the right with the.
That was your model will cover better performance in your training data set than in your body Dacian
or testing data sets it yearly.
Your performance should be the same on all the data sets.
If you take that you are under 15.
That's not a big problem.
You can always add more layers to your model or continue trying but if you are Malalas overfitting that
means that you learn too much Holyoake training that upby shapes it and it is difficult to teach to
the computer to forget that one of the most popular techniques to try to solve this is to use chomp
out layers about layers with tone of some of the weights during the process in a minor this with tone
of some predominant features during training and will allow other ways to be able to change themselves.
When you find out about later you will need to indicate the probability of each weight being turned
off.
For example up 50 percent probability it does a number between 0 and 1.
When we use one of these players it is highly likely that we will overfit at that since we have a highly
unbalanced dataset that does it for now but we will continue in the next speediness.
Thank you.